[WOR-2124] Adjust docs for interrupting boundary event (#9066)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/application-logic/workflows/workflow-elements/timer.md

**Timer** properties consist of the following sections:

* [General](#general)
* [Boundary properties](#boundary-properties)
* [Timer](#timer)
* [Common](#common)

### General Section {#general}

The **Caption** describes what happens in this element. It is displayed under the workflow element to make the **Timer** easier to read and understand without the need to add annotations.

### Boundary Properties {#boundary-properties}

{{% alert color="info" %}}
This section is only applicable when **Timer** is used as a timer boundary event.

> This section shows up if interrupting timer boundary events (beta) is enabled through Studio Pro **Preferences** -> **New features** -> **Workflow editor** > **Enable interrupting timer boundary events (beta)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is displayed if interrupting timer boundary events (beta) is enabled through Studio Pro **Preferences** -> **New features** -> **Workflow editor** > **Enable interrupting timer boundary events (beta)**.
```

> This section is displayed if interrupting timer boundary events (beta) is enabled through Studio Pro **Preferences** -> **New features** -> **Workflow editor** > **Enable interrupting timer boundary events (beta)**.

Reviewer 2: "is" => "are" enabled

{{% /alert %}}

> The **Interrupting** property sets the timer boundary to either interrupting or non-interrupting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Interrupting** property sets the timer boundary event to be either interrupting or non-interrupting.
```
